What about the doctor group?
Lin Feng is not welcome here
You are not qualified to drive me away
Miss Xu, there is a card 100,000
It's a donation from the company to the orphanage
There was a problem with the other card.
Conditional
Miss Xu is really smart
The gift from the company has nothing to do with me.
But as soon as you leave this house
I'll give this 500,000
Miss Xia, please come back
Take the 500,000
I love Lin Feng
I want to be with him.
I'm not going to leave him.
Miss Xu, I'm doing this for your own good
You don't know him at all
You've always been a jerk
I already have it.
Miss Xia, I have already said
I won't leave Lin Feng, you go
Since you like scum
Then wait to be tricked
Lin Feng advised
Stop hurting people
Will be damned
Wait a minute.
What did you mean when you said you have it just now?
What I have has nothing to do with you
Don't let me see you again
And so forth.
Miss Xia
Yaoyao and I plan to get married
It's all set for next month
If you have time
You can come to our wedding.
You're going to marry him yes
Yunfeng, you are a jerk
You hurt me.
You want to marry someone else?
Okay, your wedding is not a regular event
Then I will give you a big gift.